(DOCSP-33400): Edge Server: Add details for upgrading the Edge Server (#602)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/edge-server/configure.txt

            "Item": "truepredicate"
         }
      }

.. _upgrade-edge-server-version:

Upgrade the Edge Server Version
-------------------------------

> As Edge Server evolves, you may want to upgrade your Edge Server version

Reviewer: Should this say `As the Edge Server evolves`?

to take advantage of new functionality.

Prerequisites
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Upgrading the Edge Server version requires the host machine to have 
`jq <https://jqlang.github.io/jq/>`__ installed. If you do not already

> have ``jq`` installed, running an install command tells you to install 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have ``jq`` installed, running an Edge Server upgrade tells you to install 
```

``jq``.

.. _edge-server-upgrade-commands:

Upgrade Edge Server Commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can upgrade the Edge Server version using one of three commands:

- ``make upgrade-major``: Upgrade to the latest major version of Edge Server.
- ``make upgrade-minor``: Upgrade to the latest minor version of Edge Server.

> - ``make upgrade-force``: Upgrade to the latest version of Edge Server, 

Reviewer: @sudssm Do we want customers to use the force feature on their own? I assumed this "ok" to include until we officially release. What do you think?

Author: Related to this, I saw that major version upgrades aren't supported yet. I started to add a note about that here, but then decided to leave it out. Since that message is available when you try to run the command, I thought I could leave it to the script to provide that info. That means we won't miss updating it in the docs when you do add that support. But I'm open to adding that detail here if you think it's important to communicate in the docs (or if we want to say anything about why).

Reviewer 2: I dont' have a strong preferences either way, so we can leave this as-is

  regardless of major or minor version status.

Upgrade Edge Server Procedure
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. procedure::

   .. step:: Stop the Edge Server

>       From the ``edge_server`` directory, run the command to stop the Edge 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      From the ``edge_server`` directory, run the following command to stop the Edge 
```

Reviewer 2: Stopping is not strictly required, the upgrade script will stop it for you. So you can omit this step

      Server:

      .. code-block:: shell

         make down

   .. step:: Run the upgrade command

      From the ``edge_server`` directory, run 
      :ref:`the relevant upgrade command <edge-server-upgrade-commands>`

>       to upgrade to your preferred version of the Edge Server:

Reviewer 3: Do we have any indications of how long the upgrade might take? Could be a nice bit of info to add here.

Reviewer 2: seconds to minutes

      .. code-block:: shell

         make upgrade-minor

   .. step:: Start the Edge Server

      After upgrading, from the ``edge_server`` directory, run the command 
      to start the Edge Server:

      .. code-block:: shell

         make up

   .. step:: (Optional) Reset the Edge Server

      If you encounter unexpected behavior after upgrading the Edge Server,
      you may want to reset it and start it again. Stop the Edge Server
      with:

      .. code-block::

         make down

      Then, run the following command to reset and restart it:

      .. code-block::

>          make clean up

Reviewer: Technically, customers don't need to run `make down` here since `make clean` will already stop the server. @sudssm Want to confirm once with you that it is reasonable to remove the first part of this.

Reviewer 2: agree, we can drop the `down`
